Add support for profiles (#269)
crate/croud: docs/configuration.rst

be the following path::

   $HOME/.config/Crate/croud.yaml

To determine the location of the config files ``croud`` uses the `appdirs`_
package. Please refer to package documentation for further details.

The contents of the configuration file of a fresh ``croud`` installation is
`YAML`_ formatted and looks like this:

.. code-block:: yaml

   current-profile: dev
   default-format: table
   profiles:
     bregenz.a1:
       auth-token: NULL
       endpoint: https://bregenz.a1.cratedb.cloud
       format: table
     eastus2.azure:
       auth-token: null
       endpoint: https://eastus2.azure.cratedb.cloud
       format: table
     westeurope.azure:
       auth-token: null
       endpoint: https://westeurope.azure.cratedb.cloud
       format: table

The keys have the following meaning:

:``current-profile``:

    The name of the profile that is used for making API requests. This value
    needs to correspond to one of the items of ``profiles``.

:``default-format``:

    The default output format for API requests. This can be either ``table``
    (default), ``json``, or ``yaml``. This value is only used if the current
    profile does not specify a ``format``.

:``profiles``:

>     A dictionary of available profiles. There are three profiles available (see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A dictionary of available profiles. There are three default profiles available (see
```

    :ref:`available-profiles`).
    Each profile consistes of ``auth-token``, ``endpoint``, and ``format``.

    ``auth-token`` is populated with the API token upon login.

    ``endpoint`` is the full URL of the API endpoint that is used for requests.

    ``format`` is the output format for this profile. This key is optional and

>     if it is not present, the output format falls back to ``default-format``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    if it is missing, the output format falls back to ``default-format``.
```
or "absent".
